# Algorithmic Extraction of Power Flow Configurations for Three-Port DC-DC Converters

## About this Repository

This repository contains information related to the homonymous manuscript presented at ECCE-Europe 2024.

## About this research work

During the last two decades, power flow graphs have been established as a systematic and straightforward method for the design of DC-DC power converters. Several researchers have focused their efforts on the design of Three-Port Converters with this method for the integration of renewable energy sources, energy storage systems and DC micro-grids. However, even though all attempts utilize the same design method with slightly different application specifications (ESS existence, output bidirectionality, etc.), there is currently no attempt to group all the available power flow configurations under one procedure. This gap is addressed in this paper, where a systematic and algorithmic method is proposed to automatically derive all DC-DC converter power flow configurations, based on rule application and a single-variable user input. This work not only highlights the fundamentals of the power flow graph design while automating it, but also sets the ground for further study and optimization of a plethora of different configurations, without the restrictions posed by traditional manual design.

## Contents of the repository

This repository contains the following folders and files:
- GUI tool folder:
  -   <ins>PFG_tool_for_TPCs.mlapp</ins>\
      This is the source file for running the gui application. The interactivity of the app, together with the handling of the results provided by the proposed algorithm, are managed here.
  -   </ins>Create_PFG.m</ins>\
      This is the source file for the Create_PFG() function that performs the first part of the proposed algorithm, i.e. the creation of the power flow graphs WITHOUT the inclusion of fundamental converters. 
  -   </ins>Place_FCs.m</ins>\
      This is the source file for the Place_FCs() function that performs the second part pf the proposed algorithm, i.e. the placement of fundamental converters on the power flow graphs created by Create_PFG(), leading to the final power flow configurations.
  -   </ins>Create_Full_PFGAM.m</ins>\
      This is the source file for the Create_Full_PFGAM() function that generates an extended PFGAM that is suitable for use as an input argument in MATLAB's digraph() built-in function. This function is used to plot the generated graphs in a graphical form.
- Results folder:
  -   </ins>Paper_Results_Summary.pdf</ins>\
      This file contains all the results that were generated by the algorithm, as they didn't all fit in the 8 pages of the paper.
